Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A.A programming language is a vocabulary and set of grammatical rules for instructing a computer
or computing device to perform specific tasks.


What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A.Compiler:A compiler is a program that translates a source program written in some high-level programming
 language (such as Java) into machine code for some computer architecture (such as the
 Intel Pentium architecture). The generated machine code can be later executed many times against
 different data each time.

  Debugger: Debugging is the routine process of locating and removing bugs, errors or abnormalities from programs.

 Disassembler: The Java disassembler is used to disassemble Java bytecode that has already been compiled. After disassembling the code,
 information about the member variables and methods is printed. The syntax for the Java disassembler is

  JRE:JRE (Java Runtime Environment) is a software package that provides Java class libraries, Java Virtual Machine (JVM),
  and other components that are required to run Java applications.

What is IDE?
A.An integrated development environment (IDE) is software for building applications that combines common developer
 tools into a single graphical user interface (GUI).

What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
A.
IntelliJ IDEA.
Eclipse.
Apache NetBeans.
MyEclipse IDE.
BlueJ IDE.
Xcode IDE.
JDeveloper IDE.
JCreator IDE.

Explain the entire java life cycle.
There are three main stages in the life cycle of a java program. They are:

Editing the program: we use a text editor (ex: notepad, notepad++, wordpad,
textedit etc) to type a programme, then we have to save the file as .java extension. For example, name.java.

Compiling the source code: The name of the Java compiler is javac. The input to the compiler is Java source code
which is available in name.java. The output of the compiler is machine independent or platform independent
code which is known as bytecode. The file which is generated after compilation is .class file. As per my example,
the bytecode file will be Sample.class.
Executing the byte code: The bytecode generated by the compiler will be executed by Java Virtual Machine (JVM).
Input to the JVM is bytecode and output is machine code (0’s and 1’s) which will be executed by the CPU of the
local machine.

what is class?
 is a template used to create objects and to define object data types and methods.

What is object?
is an instance of a class we create an object to be able to access that class' attributes.

What is the entry point of an application?
 An application entry point identifies a resource that is an access point to an application.
 Application entry points are used to control users' access to different versions of an application that
 is deployed on a platform.

Why main is static?
 Java main() method is always static, so that compiler can call it without the creation of an object or before the
creation of an object of the class
Which class is the superclass of all classes?
The object class

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
The main difference between PATH and CLASSPATH is that Path is set for java tools in java programs like java
and javac, which are used to compile your code. Whereas CLASSPATH is used by System or Application class
loader to locate and load compile Java bytecodes stored in the .

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Differences between abstract classes and interfaces. From an object-oriented programming perspective,
the main difference between an interface and an abstract class is that an interface cannot have state,
while the abstract class can have state with instance variables.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
You cannot create an object of abstract class or interface since they are incomplete class.For interface,
you must create a class which implement the interface and implement bodies of interface methods.For abstract class
we may have concrete method or abstract method or both.

what is Access Specifier?
Access specifiers are keywords that are added to the class, method and variables to control their  accessibility

What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a computer programming model that organizes software design around data,
or objects, rather than functions and logic.
encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism and abstraction.

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
A package in Java is used to group related classes. In Java, two packages java. lang package and a no-name
package (also called default package) are imported by default in all the classes of Java.

What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Java application programming interfaces (APIs) are predefined software tools that easily enable interactivity
between multiple applications.

Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
java does not support multiple inheritance. because we can not inherit from two classes at the same time.

What is method overloading and when it happens?
overloading method where more than one methods share same name with different parameters or signature and different
return type. it happens during compile time.

Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
An exception object is an instance of an exception class. It gets created and handed to the Java runtime when an
exceptional event occurred that disrupted the normal flow of the application.

What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
The static keyword is a non-access modifier used for methods and attributes. it has been used by creating an object.

What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
final its a key word that restrict reassignment. it is non access modifiers.

What is final, finally and finalize?
Final is a keyword and is used as access modifier in Java.
Finally is a block in Java used for Exception Handling.
Finalize is a method in Java used for Garbage Collection.

What is a constructor ?
A constructor in Java is a special method that is used to initialize objects. The constructor is called when
an object of a class is created.
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
yes we can.

If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
called the default constructor.

What is "this" keyword in java ?
The this keyword refers to the current object in a method or constructor

What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
The super keyword refers to superclass (parent) objects. It is used to call superclass methods,
and to access the superclass constructor.

What is JVM stand for ?
java virtual machine

Is JVM platform independent?
JVM is undoubtedly platform-independent.

What version of java are you using? 11

What is JAR stand for ? java archive

What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
JDK provides an environment for developing and executing the Java source code. It includes all the functionalities
of JRE and JVM.

What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
JRE is the implementation of JVM. It provides a platform to execute java programs. JRE consists of JVM,
Java binaries, and other classes to execute any program successfully. JRE doesn't contain any development tools
such as Java compiler, debugger, JShell, etc.

What is compile time and run time?
Compile time is the period when the programming code is converted to the machine
code . Runtime is the period of time when a program is running and generally occurs after
compile time.

What is heap?
The Java heap is the area of memory used to store objects instantiated by applications running on the JVM.

How java manage it's memory?
Java does memory management automatically. Java uses an automatic memory management system called a
 garbage collector.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
String is immutable whereas StringBuffer and StringBuilder are mutable classes. StringBuffer is thread-safe
and synchronized whereas StringBuilder is not. That's why StringBuilder is faster than StringBuffer.
String concatenation operator (+) internally uses StringBuffer or StringBuilder class.

What is Singleton class?
a singleton class is a class that can have only one object (an instance of the class) at a time. is an object
hiding.

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream

when to use transient variable in java?
Transient in Java is used to indicate that a field should not be part of the serialization process.

Difference between while and do..while loop?
the while loop first check the condition then do the job, and the do while loop do the job first then check the
condition

What is Enum?
variables we want to create in order to be used.

What is Iterator?
An Iterator is an object that can be used to loop through collections, like ArrayList and HashSet.

Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Integer is an object which takes 128 bits (16 bytes)

Why is String Immutable in Java?
The String is immutable in Java because of the security, synchronization and concurrency, caching,
and class loading.

What is constructor chaining in Java?
Constructor chaining refers to the ability to call a constructor inside another constructor.

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
The difference between the serial and parallel collectors is that the parallel collector has multiple
threads that are used to speed up garbage collection.The serial collector uses a single thread to perform all
 garbage collection work.

What is JIT stands for? Just in time

Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Java objects reside in an area called the heap. The heap is created when the JVM starts up and may increase or
decrease in size while the application runs. When the heap becomes full, garbage is collected.

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?No

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
Java Heap Space is used throughout the application, but Stack is only used for the method

What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
Reflection is a feature in the Java programming language. It allows an executing Java program to examine or
 "introspect" upon itself, and manipulate internal properties of the program.

what is multithreading in java?
In Java, Multithreading refers to a process of executing two or more threads simultaneously
for maximum utilization of the CPU

What is the use of synchronization in Java?
Synchronization in java is the capability to control the access of multiple threads to any shared resource.

What is Framework?
Java frameworks may include predefined classes and functions used to process, input, and manage hardware devices,
as well as interact with system software.

What are the testing Framework available in java?
1. Selenium
2. JUnit
3. TestNG
4. SerenityBDD
5. Mockito
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
JUnit is a framework that is open-source and may be used to write and trigger tests.
TestNG is a Java-based framework that provides an improved way to run tests.

What are the dependencies for this project?

what is dependency injection in java?
Dependency Injection in Java is a way to achieve Inversion of control (IoC) in our application by moving objects
binding from compile time to runtime.

What is static binding and dynamic binding?
In Java static binding refers to the execution of a program where type of object is determined/known at compile
time. If a body of the method at runtime is bonded to a method call then it is called dynamic binding or
late binding